License agreement for Vestigo

IMPORTANT! READ CAREFULLY: THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT. BY PURCHASING A
LICENCE FOR VESTIGO AND DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, COPYING, SAVING ON YOUR
COMPUTER, OR OTHERWISE USING THIS SOFTWARE, YOU (LICENSEE, AS DEFINED 
BELOW) ARE BECOMING A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT AND YOU ARE CONSENTING TO 
BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.


1. Parties

(a) "Licensor" means NightLabs Consulting GmbH, having its principal
place of business at Weiherhofstr. 16, 79104 Freiburg, Germany, registered
with Commercial Register kept by the Municipal Court of Freiburg, HRB 7342.

(b) "Licensee" means the individual or legal entity specified in the License
Order Confirmation and encoded in the License Key (as defined below).
For legal entities, "Licensee" includes any entity which controls, is 
controlled by, or is under common control with Licensee. For purposes of
this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to 
cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or 
otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the 
outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such entity.


2. Definitions

(a) "Authorized User" means 
(i) if Licensee is an individual, solelyLicensee; 
(ii) if Licensee is a legal entity, any employee, independent contractor 
and other temporary worker authorized by Licensee to use the Software 
while performing duties within the scope of their employment or assignment.

(b) "Software" means the software program known as 'Vestigo - JDO/JPA
Query Browser' in binary form, including its documentation, upgrades
provided pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement, and any third party
software programs that are owned and licensed pursuant to Section 6 of
this Agreement by parties other than Licensor and that are either
integrated with or made part of Vestigo (collectively, "Third Party
Software").

(c) "License Order Confirmation" means evidence of a license provided by
Licensor to Licensee in electronic or printed form.

(d) "License Key" means a unique key-code that enables an Authorized
User to use the Software at a time. Only Licensor and/or its
representatives are permitted to produce License Keys for the Software.

(g) "Client" means a computer device used by Authorized User for running
the Software.


3. Ownership

(a) The Software is the property of Licensor or its suppliers. The
Software is licensed, not sold. Title and copyrights to the Software, in
whole and in part and all copies thereof, and all modifications,
enhancements, derivatives and other alterations of the Software
regardless of who made any modifications, if any, are, and will remain,
the sole and exclusive property of Licensor and its suppliers.

(b) The Software is protected by German Copyright Law and International
Treaty provisions. Further, the structure, organization, and code
embodied in the Software are the valuable and confidential trade secrets
of Licensor and its suppliers and are protected by intellectual property
laws and treaties. Licensee agrees to abide by the copyright law and all
other applicable laws of Germany including, but not limited to, export
control laws.


4. Grant of license

Subject to the terms, conditions, and limitations set forth in this
Agreement, including any amendments thereto, Licensor hereby grants to
Licensee a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the
Software as follows:

(a) Licensee may:

(i) install and use the version of the Software that has been specified
in License Order Confirmation on multiple Clients and operating systems,
provided that a number of concurrent users never exceeds the number of
Authorized Users specified in License Order Confirmation;

(b) Licensee may not:

(i) sell, redistribute, encumber, give, lend, rent, lease, sublicense,
or otherwise transfer the Software, or any portions of the Software, to
anyone without the prior written consent of Licensor;

(ii) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify, translate, make
any attempt to discover the source code of the Software, or create
derivative works from the Software;

(iii) allow the use of the same License Key to more individual Users
than specified in Licence Order Confirmtion. The Software may contain a
feature preventing concurrent use of the same License Key by more
Authorized Users than specified in License Order Confirmation.


5. Third party software license

(a) Licensee agrees to comply with the terms and conditions contained in
Third-Party Software license agreements with respect to the applicable
Third-Party Software.

(b) Licensee agrees and acknowledges that Sections 10 and 11 of this
Agreement shall also govern Licensee's use of the Third-Party Software.
Licensor will have no responsibility with respect to any Third Party
Software, and Licensee will look solely to the licensor(s) of the Third
Party Software for any remedy. Licensor claims no right in the Third
Party Software, and the same is owned exclusively by the licensor(s) of
the Third Party Software.

(c) Licensor provides no warranty, expressed or implied, including but
not limited to, the imiplied wrranties of  merchantability, fitness for
a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement, with respect to any
third party software.


7. Restricted use of non-licensed copies

(a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Licensee is granted a right
to use non-licensed copies of the Software for evaluation purposes
without charge.

(b) Licensee's use of non-licensed copies shall be limited to the
internal evaluation of the Software for the sole purpose of determining
whether the Software meets Licensee's requirements and whether Licensee
desires to continue use of the Software.

(c) The software contains a feature that restricts the usage of
non-licensed copies. Licensee may not disable, destroy, or remove this
feature of the Software, and any attempt to do so will be in violation
of this Agreement and will terminate Licensee's rights to use the Software.


8. License fees and payments

Licensee will pay to Licensor or a payment service provider appointed by
Licensor the license fee and other charges and expenses as set forth in
an appropriate invoice or other purchase documentation. Licensor may
charge Licensee interest for any payment that is more than thirty (30)
days past due at the rate of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month
or the highest amount allowed by law, whichever is lower.


9. UPGRADES

(a) Licensor will provide generally available new versions of Software
to Licensee as follows:

(i) pursuant to the optional upgrade terms published on Licensor's web
site at www.jetbrains.com. Upon obtaining License Key for a new version
of Software from Licensor, Licensee shall destroy License Key provided
by Licensor for a previous version of Software, or;

(ii) if Licensee has obtained an upgrade subscription for Software,
Licensee will qualify for free upgrades during the initial 1-year
upgrade subscription term. Licensee may renew an upgrade subscription
for another 1-year period by paying to Licensor an applicable upgrade
subscription renewal fee. Each subsequent upgrade subscription term will
start on the day following the expiration of a previous upgrade
subscription term regardless of the actual upgrade subscription renewal
date. Upon obtaining License Key for a new upgrade subscription term
from Licensor, Licensee shall destroy a License Key provided by Licensor
for a previous upgrade subscription term.

(b) If not agreed otherwise in writing between Licensor and Licensee,
upon upgrading to new version of the Software the relationship between
parties shall be governed and amended (if applicable) by the terms and
conditions of License agreement related to Software available at
www.jetbrains.com on the day of upgrade purchase.


10. Limited warranty

The software is provided to Licensee "as is" and without warranties.
Licensor makes no warrranty as to its use or performance. To the maximum
extent permitted by applicable law, Licensor, and its affiliates,
suppliers and resellers, disclaim all other warranties and conditions,
either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, implied
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title,
and non-infringement, with regard to the software, and the provision of
or failure to provide support services.


11. Disclaimer of damages

(a) To the maximum extend permitted by applicable law, in no event will
Licensor or its affiliates, licensors, suppliers or resellers be liable
to Licensee under any theory for any damages suffered by Licensee or any
user of the software, or for any special, incidental, indirect,
consequential, or similar damages (including, but not limited to,
damages for loss of profits or confidential or other information, for
business interrruption, or personal injury, for loss of privacy, for
failure to meet any duty including of good faith or of reasonable care,
for negligence, and for any other pecuniary or other loss whatsoever)
arising out of the use or inability to use the software, or the
provision of or failure to provide support services, even if Licensor
has been advised of the possibility of such damages, and regardless of
the legal or equitable theory (contract, tort or otherwise) upon which
the claim is based.

(b) In any case, Licensor's entire liability under any provision of this
agreement will be limited to the amount actually paid by Licensee for
the software under this agreement.


12. Export regulations

Licensee agrees and accepts that the Software may be subject to import
and export laws of any country, including those of the European Union
and United States (specifically the Export Administration Regulations
(EAR)). Licensee acknowledges that it is not a citizen, national, or
resident of, and is not under control of the governments of Cuba, Iran,
North Korea, Sudan or Syria and is not otherwise a restricted end-user
as defined by applicable export control laws. Further, Licensee
acknowledges that it will not download or otherwise export or re-export
the Software or any related technical data directly or indirectly to the
above-mentioned countries or to citizens, nationals, or residents of
those countries, or to any other restricted end user or for any
restricted end-use.


13. Term and termination

(a) Except as otherwise provided in License Order Confirmation, the
license granted herein shall be perpetual.

(b) If Licensee fails to comply with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, this Agreement and Licensee's right and license to use the
Software will terminate immediately. Licensee may terminate this
Agreement at any time by notifying Licensor. Upon the termination of
this Agreement, Licensee must delete the Software from its computers and
archives.

(c) Licensee agrees that upon termination of this agreement for any
reason, Licensor may take actions so that the software no longer operates.


14. MARKETING

Licensee agrees to be identified as a customer of Licensor and that
Licensor may refer to Licensee by name, trade name and trademark, if
applicable, and may briefly describe Licensee's business in Licensor's
marketing materials, on Licensor's web site, in public or legal
documents. Licensee hereby grants Licensor a license to use Licensee's
name and any of Licensee's trade names and trademarks solely pursuant to
this marketing section.


15. General

(a) Licensor reserves the right at any time to cease the support of the
Software and to alter prices, features, specifications, capabilities,
functions, licensing terms, release dates, general availability or other
characteristics of the Software.

(b) This Agreement, including the Third Party Software license
agreements, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties
concerning Licensee's use of the Software, and supersedes any and all
prior or contemporaneous oral or written representations,
communications, or advertising with respect to the Software. No purchase
order, other ordering document or any hand written or typewritten text
which purports to modify or supplement the printed text of this
Agreement or any schedule will add to or vary the terms of this
Agreement unless signed by both Licensee and Licensor.

(c) A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement
or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or
condition or any subsequent breach. The provisions of this Agreement
which require or contemplate performance after the expiration or
termination of this Agreement will be enforceable notwithstanding said
expiration or termination.

(d) This Agreement will be governed by the laws of Germany, without
reference to conflict of laws principles. Licensee agrees that any
litigation relating to this Agreement may only be brought in, and will
be subject to the jurisdiction of, any Court of Germany.

(e) Titles are inserted for convenience only and will not affect in any
way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. If any provision of
this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement will
continue in full force and effect. Either Licensor or Licensee may
assign this Agreement in the case of a merger or sale of substantially
all of its respective assets to another entity. This Agreement will be
binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their
successors and assigns.

For exceptions or modifications to this Agreement, please contact
Licensor at:
Address: Na Lysinách 443/57, Prague, 14700, Czech Republic
Fax: +420 2 4172 2540
E-mail: sales@jetbrains.com
